# HPVVaxxinEthiopia
Extended cost-effectiveness analysis of school-based HPV vaccination rollout in Ethiopia

School-based delivery of health interventions, such as vaccines, have the benefit of a relatively high reach for girls that are in school, but may come with equity concerns as children from low-income households are less likely to be in school to benefit from such interventions. However, no prior studies have modeled the health and financial impacts of this specific approach in Ethiopia, despite the Ministry of Health’s focus on school-based delivery. Therefore, it is our goal to carry out an extended cost-effectiveness analysis to assess the potential impacts of school-based delivery of HPV vaccines on health outcomes, FRP and equity in Ethiopia. We also aim to compare these findings with facility-based delivery scenarios, which tend to have lower costs of delivery but also lower reach.

We aim to model the impact of a nationwide HPV vaccination program in 10-14 year old females, primarily delivered through schools with ‘catch up’ vaccination available at health facilities for out-of-school girls. A variety of inputs, context-specific to Ethiopia, are needed to parameterize and evaluate the impact of such a program. Fortunately, Ethiopia’s national Demographic and Health Survey (DHS) implemented by Ethiopia’s Central Statistical Agency (CSA) collects representative data on a wide variety of health indicators and household characteristics. Our analysis relies on indicators reported from the most recently published full DHS report (2016) or mini DHS report (2019) when available; alternatively, data from peer-reviewed studies performed in Ethiopia or similar contexts is utilized. 

